Before you start using Kye to
make calls, you should make sure
your audio and video settings
are configured properly so
others can hear or see you.
You should always confirm your
settings before making or
receiving a call.
You don't want to be fumbling
around with your settings during
a call, esecially if it's an
important or rofessional call.
Here in Kye, start by clicking
this three dot button and
selecting Settings and then
select Audio and Video and here
at the top next to Camera.
If you have multile cameras
connected to your computer you
can choose the one you want to
use.
In Kye I'm using a Surface
tablet so I have both a front
facing camera and a rear facing
camera, but for Kye calls I most
likely want to keep my front
facing camera selected.
Once you've selected your camera
you can Scroll down to your
audio settings.
Here next to Microphone you can
choose the microphone you want
to use.
This might be your computer's
default builtin microphone, or
you may have connected a USB
microphone, or you might want to
use a microphone built into an
external webcam you've connected
to your computer.
Notice, as I'm speaking, we're
seeing this meter move and this
is telling me the audio levels
that are going into the
microphone, and Kye is actually
doing a pretty good job of
keeing those levels.
Even if you want, you can turn
this automatically adjust
microhone settings, switch off
and manually adjust your
microhone settings.
Basically, you don't want the
levels getting all the way to
the right here, I'm just going
to leave it set to auto In this
case.
Below that, you can choose the
speakers you want to use to
listen to audio through Kye.
This could be your device's
builtin seakers, external
seakers, a Bluetooth headset
you've aired to your computer an
so on.
By clicking the test audio
button, you can check if the
audio is playing through your
selected seakers.
Now if you don't hear anything,
double check to make sure you
have the right Seaker selected,
and then on your seakers or
headset themselves, make sure
they're turned on and not muted.
We can close settings and once
you have your video and audio
settings configured, you're
ready to make a call.
Let's try a video call.
I'll come over here to my
contacts and I want to give my
friend Nick a call.
So I'll select his name and here
in the upper right hand corner I
could click the phone button to
make an audio call over Kye.
But in this case, I'll click the
video camera icon to make a
video call and I can see myself
as a call is being placed.
And in a second there's Nick.
Hey Nick.
Hello.
Thanks for heling me out with
this.
No roblem O that's pretty much
all there is to making a video
call in Skype.
We can now both see and hear
each other and we can have a
conversation in Skye anytime we
like as long as we're both
someplace with an Internet
connection.
O at this point I want to show
what it looks like if we receive
a video call.
So Nick, I'm going to hang U but
could you call me back in just a
couple seconds?
No problem.
Alright see you in a second.
Alright, so to receive a call
Skye needs to be running and now
we can see Nick is calling.
Now I could click the hone
button if I only wanted to
answer with audio or I could
hang U if I didn't want to
answer at all.
But in this case, I will answer
with the video button again.
And once again, there's Nick.
Hello again.
O.
That's pretty much it.
We can now just continue having
our normal conversation here
over video.
All right.
So thanks again, Nick.
All right, I'll talk to you
later.
OK.
So that's how you set U your
audio and video settings so you
can make and receive calls in
Kye.